pushstring ""
pushstring "zzzzzzzzZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzz...."
pushstring "zzzzzzzzzzzzzz....."
pushstring "*knock* *knock*"
pushstring "zzzzzz....hmmmhmmm?"
pushstring "*BANG* *BANG* *BANG*"
pushstring "Voice 1: Get your lazy ass out of bed!"
pushstring "Voice 2: That is no way to address our Mistress!"
pushstring "Voice 1: Oh... sorry.. get your LAZY, WHORE ASS out of bed!"
pushstring "Voice 2: You!!!!!!"
pushstring "Ugh... everyone shut up out there."
pushstring "You got us in trouble!"
pushstring "Silence, you little floating piece of pink shit."
pushstring "I feel like I have been asleep for years."
pushstring "How did I ever let someone so useless  beat me?"
pushstring "I don\'t think you appreciate that is the first legit bed I have used in 1000 years."
pushstring "It is MY bed, I can appreciate it plenty."
pushstring "What do you want, Beezy?"
pushstring "In case you forgot, we are at war. I don\'t want you MURDERING all my people with your idiocy."
pushstring "That means it is time to train. I\'ve set up some basic drills in the Hive\'s main courtyard."
pushstring "No lengthy exposition on current events?"
pushstring "Pecunia can take care of that when she arrives. For now, you need to learn the art of war."
pushstring "I DID already take over the Netherealm once, you know."
pushstring "Yeah! Mistress is the best! You are just butthurt because you lost!"
pushstring "If my butt hurts it is because... you know what? Nevermind. Let\'s get moving."
pushstring "We are all going to die."
pushstring "Oh don\'t be so negative; we do need to decide what our next move is, though."
pushstring "Don\'t worry, that decision has already been made for you."
pushstring "Convenient. What\'s the word?"
pushstring "Irania is not going to let you engage her directly, she is constructing a massive long distance shock cannon."
pushstring "And how exactly does she have the materials and expertise to build a big death lazer?"
pushstring "Well, I had to keep up appearances!  I have been delaying the construction though, you have three days strike first."
pushstring "If I were Irania, where would I build a giant death machine?"
pushstring "Vanorel\'s tower."
pushstring "You got it, sis.  By the way, pink is a lovely shade on you."
pushstring "Don\'t think I am not aware of your secrets, betrayer."
pushstring "Girls, girls. Let\'s all simmer down.  So we march south? Past the Blind Gate?"
pushstring "That is the most direct route, yes, but it would be a mistake to go in full force. The Mech gate wont hold if Irania decides to march."
pushstring "ONE squad of robots goes crazy and takes over a little bit of the Netherealm and I never hear the end of it!"
pushstring "Three days... we don\'t have a choice. Leave behind what you think is enough to hold the line.  The rest will come south with us."
pushstring "As you command..."
pushstring "Hmm... I will have to decline participation. Best of luck though, and salvage what hardware you can!"
pushstring "We should push hard; foresight or no, we should be able to take the tower in time."
pushstring "I mean it is OBVIOUSLY a trap. Vanorel knows we are coming, she is going to waylay us at every turn."
pushstring "I don\'t think there is anything I can do to combat her illusions. I thought the barrier I erected at the Blind gate was srong enough to protect it."
pushstring "Clearly not. Her magic is strong, but it is still based on energy from the Nether.  I think I need to call in a favor."
pushstring "(Come to me)"
pushstring "What are you doing?"
pushstring "Shut up, Beezy, I am concentrating!"
pushstring "(Come to me)"
pushstring "(Your Mistress calls)"
pushstring "Nothing is happening."
pushstring "SHE SAID SHUT UP BEEZY!"
pushstring "Wait for it..."
pushstring "...."
pushstring "Wait for it..."
pushstring "You called?"
pushstring "I see.  Nice trick."
pushstring "BRIGY! YAY!"
pushstring "Lady Beezelba. You look well today. I hope you are coping with your conversion appropriately. Please let me know if I can be of assistance."
pushstring "I am sure I am fine."
pushstring "Tiki, you look as delighted as ever. It is good to see you unharmed."
pushstring "OH. MY. GOD. IT has been AWESOME living in the Hive! There is just so much STUFF everywhere and everyone is so busy and rushing around and then the Gorgers are all like \'DIS SUCK\' and I am like \'THIS IS AWESOOOOOMMMEEEEEE\'"
pushstring "Indeed, it seems like you have been enj-"
pushstring "I mean it is like SO WHAT if you aren\'t living in the stinky ground anymore?!?!?!!? You THINK they would be grateful to be off that island but NOOOOOOO its whine whine whine whine. I mean you think they would show some appreciation!"
pushstring "Perhaps we can catch up later, little one."
pushstring "Brig, we need some sort of Angelic Ward or Blessing or some protection mumbo jumbo holy gibberish to see through our sister\'s illusions."
pushstring "I am sorry, Mistress, but as you yourself are demonic, any attempt at warding would result in your own destruction."
pushstring "Ha!"
pushstring "Well if we walk into her territory without some plan, she is going to wreck us without much effort."
pushstring "I will accompany you and dispel any illusions we come across."
pushstring "Won\'t you be missed? Raise suspicious that you are escorting a demonic strike force across the Netherealm?"
pushstring "No Mistress, the Divine has granted me a leave of absence to further observe the political aftermath of Irania\'s ascension."
pushstring "So your vacation from work is different work?"
pushstring "There is order to all things, Lady Beezelba."
pushstring "Gather the troops, we march south."
pushstring "Once we pass through the valley, the only thing standing between us and Vanorel is Shadefall."
pushstring "How difficult do you think it will be to take?"
pushstring "Hard to say... if we are able to move quickly, we can probably lay seige before their forces can rally behind the gates."
pushstring "Order the move and start questioning the converts; I want to know Vanorel\'s weak points."
pushstring "Hey Brigy?"
pushstring "Yes, Miss Tiki? Was there something I could assist you with?"
pushstring "Do you notice anything different about Mistress?"
pushstring "Regularly scanning has shown that her power levels have begun to increase beyond her original capabilities."
pushstring "Ye\{22}ahhhhh I knew that... the more followers she has the stronger she gets... but I mean..."
pushstring "Was there something else? I could request a medical review."
pushstring "No, no, I don\'t mean anything is wrong with her... but I mean she seems... uhm..."
pushstring "What are you two yapping about? Let\'s get moving!"
pushstring "EEP! NOTHING! Coming, Mistress!"
pushstring "Hmm."
pushstring "Mistress, a word if you don\'t mind."
pushstring "What\'s up, Buttercup?"
pushstring "Although I can not detect anything physically wrong with you, others have been noticing a change in your behavior.  Are you feeling well?"
pushstring "I feel fucking great - best I have felt in centuries.  Who has been saying otherwise?  Beezy?  A few good ass fuckings should set her straight."
pushstring "No, mistress, I believe Lady Beezelba\'s overwhelming hate for you prevents her from caring for your well being."
pushstring "Your desire to have her repeatedly suffer anal rape, however, illustrates the afformentioned change: you seem to be uncharacteristically cruel as of late."
pushstring "Life is cruel.  Tell these \'others\' to get over it.  Do you think I give a shit about-"
pushstring "Mistress?"
pushstring "What the  hell is going on?"
pushstring "She was speaking then collapsed. The injury is not physical in nature."
pushstring "Please tell me she is going to die."
pushstring "AHHHHHHHHHHH! WHAT WHAT WHAT! WHAT IS GOING ON! DO SOMETHING!"
pushstring "She is stable, but unconscious."
pushstring "We don\'t have time for this.  Get the troops ready; I will push the assault on Shadefall."
pushstring "AWWWWWWWW YOU DO LOVE HER!"
pushstring "It would seem that Lady Evaloria does not need to be conscious for her power to still hold."
pushstring "Oh... well I am going to PRETEND that Beezy really loves her!"
pushstring "Angel, take care of her.  Pink shit, go kill yourself.  Troops. East. Now."
pushstring "As you say, commander."
pushstring "So why were you acting so crazy?"
pushstring "I was being influenced by Irania somehow, she was trying to make me angry. Reckless."
pushstring "Source detected. The shadows cannot protect you, harbinger of Wrath!"
pushstring "Even you will be purged by her flames, angel!"
pushstring "Son of a.... get her!"
pushstring "She is heading towards The Wastes, should we pursue?"
pushstring "Tsk. No, we are here for Vanorel, we can\'t afford any more distractions. Let the Mechiza have her."
pushstring "Okay, Eva, game face."
pushstring "What did she do last time?"
pushstring "Ugh.... I don\'t remember... something about using the mirrors against her..."
pushstring "Welcome back to Team Awesome!"
pushstring "I suppose there is some small pleasure to be found in being once again cast to this role."
pushstring "Am I going to have to listen to this all the time, now?"
pushstring "Shush, Beez, you should be happy. Now its a ballgame."
pushstring "Assuming Pecunia stays neutral, yeah, three on three."
pushstring "Oh I am sure she will betray us at some point, it is in her nature. Now we just have to figure out what to do next."
pushstring "We should head east to..."
pushstring "Beez? What\'s wrong?"
pushstring "No! Damnit! I told you there weren\'t enough forces to hold!"
pushstring "I believe Lady Beezelba is recieving a telepathic distress call from the Hive."
pushstring "Vinara and Somna have both marched on the Hive. This entire thing was set up to draw us south."
pushstring "Ironically, there was no deception known to me. I suppose that means Irania assumed I would fall. Truly, this star has fallen far..."
pushstring "Shit. Shit, shit shit. Are there any portals nearby we can use?"
pushstring "No. By the time we get back it will be too late. They have already pushed to The Comb."
pushstring "Bridgette, you can teleport. I need you there. Keep them busy, rally the Brood Lord and hold the line."
pushstring "Mistress, I have been pushing the boundries with my involvement as it is. If I were to wage war directly in defense of..."
pushstring "That is an ORDER, Bridgette. We can not lose the Hive!"
pushstring "As you wish."
pushstring "We need to head north immediately."
pushstring "No. We head through The Wastes. We take the Mech Gate and flank their army at The Comb. Vanorel, you can get us saftely though The Phase?"
pushstring "Hold on! We can\'t simple march through The Wastes, we will be ambushed at every step by those damn machines!"
pushstring "It\'s done."
pushstring "If we go back the way we came, they will just push us back and we lose all the ground we gained."
pushstring "This way we can spear through their armies. Maybe even seperate one of them. We make it four on two and the war is ours."
pushstring "So be it, Mistress."
pushstring "I hope Bridgette is okay..."
pushstring "Heyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy! Couldn\'t help but notice you were in the neighborhood."
pushstring "I was wondering when you were going to show up. I am going to clean up your little robot problem."
pushstring "You know, I should really charge you for the units you convert."
pushstring "Add it to my tab."
pushstring "Hah! Good to see you got your humor back, Beez. Van, you are looking... satisfied."
pushstring "Does not the star shine brightest during the darkest night? Is not the squalored diamond the one that shines luminous?"
pushstring "No, the polished one would have a much better reflective quality."
pushstring "Sigh."
pushstring "Did you just say \'Sigh\'? Why didn\'t you just actually sigh?"
pushstring "FOCUS, PEOPLE."
pushstring "Right, anyway, I was thinking we might be able to do a little quid pro quo bargain here."
pushstring "Do tell."
pushstring "The Mechiza MCU is somewhere in the Waystation. You get me in, I will counter hack the unit and bring all of them back in line."
pushstring "So you get your robot army back and...? Where is my quo?"
pushstring "You get to keep the ones you bang!"
pushstring "WAIT A MINUTE!!!! How do you bang a robot?"
pushstring "Penis in vagina?"
pushstring "You built the robots with dicks? Why?"
pushstring "Why wouldn\'t I?"
pushstring "You were preparing to fight the avatar of Lust and you gave your robots dicks? Why give them genitals at all?"
pushstring "I hear words coming out of your mouth, but they are not making sense."
pushstring "Heh. Okay, we will seige the Waystation; you go in and disable this MCU. Then we get free passage back to the Shadow Forest."
pushstring "Deal. Although I can only promise as far as the Mech Gate."
pushstring "We might actually pull this off."
pushstring "Giving Pecunia her army back wins the prize for dumbest shit you have done so far."
pushstring "What choice do we have? Bridgette can\'t hold the line forever."
pushstring "Rebooting core systems... checking uplinks and server status... we are looking... oh, crap."
pushstring "What?"
pushstring "A small group of Mechiza disconnected from the MCU and are still operating outside my control."
pushstring "And they are located where?"
pushstring "Mech Gate. Hey, at least it is on your way!"
pushstring "Why don\'t you deal with them while we play hero at the Comb?"
pushstring "No can do, sis. I need to secure the networks and purge the Wastes of any other rogue units."
pushstring "Shocking."
pushstring "Hey, you get what you pay for."
pushstring "Just a little longer, Bridgette..."
pushstring "Reinforce the eastern pass! Scouting units, report."
pushstring "We won\'t hold out another night. Their main force has crossed into the Shadow Forest and is on the Royal Path now."
pushstring "We WILL hold. Send Stingers to disrupt their march. Have the gorgers begin digging supply tunnels south."
pushstring "Yes, Commander."
pushstring "Commander... the east gate has fallen... we must withdraw to the Hive..."
pushstring "Please rally our remaining forces to fallback position Beta."
pushstring "We cannot win. If we stay, we will be destroyed."
pushstring "Then prepare yourself for the Abyss. We make our final stand here."
pushstring "...... ALL REMAINING SQUADS TO BETA!"
pushstring "Strange... our scouts are reporting that the Esuriens are falling back to the Royal Way."
pushstring "Bridgette must have held them back; although..."
pushstring "What is it?"
pushstring "I don\'t know, it must be because of how far we are, but I can\'t really feel her anymore."
pushstring "I hope she is okay!"
pushstring "I am sure she is fine. She is practically invincible."
pushstring "Bridgy... please be okay..."
pushstring "Bridgette! This can\'t be..."
pushstring "That is one dead angel."
pushstring "How is this even possible?!?!"
pushstring "WHA... N-N-NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO! WHAT!"
pushstring "Van, take Tiki away from here."
pushstring "Come little starlight, this is not for you to see."
pushstring "S-s-she can\'t... I mean sheee....."
pushstring "I was able to secure... what is going on here?"
pushstring "They killed her."
pushstring "Oh snap. How is that even possible?"
pushstring "I don\'t know."
pushstring "There is a lot of negative energy permiating the wound. This was definitely a planned assasination."
pushstring "I sent her here. Irania KNEW that I would send her here."
pushstring "Well, I\'ve sealed off the Sand Gate, so their only retreat is north via the Royal Way."
pushstring "Scouts are reporting that Somna has already passed through Death\'s Reach. We won\'t get to her in time."
pushstring "Then we go after Vinara."
pushstring "Go, I can take care of her body and clean up here. Don\'t worry."
pushstring "Thank you, Pecunia."
pushstring "Oh it is my pleasure."
pushstring "Did it ever occur to you that we are just playing into Irania\'s hands again?"
pushstring "Yes."
pushstring "And.... you don\'t care?"
pushstring "No."
pushstring "Awesome. Great talk."
pushstring "I thought you of all people would understand."
pushstring "Tsk. You don\'t get me at all."
pushstring "We are catching up."
pushstring "Soooooooooooooo what are you going to do when we find her?"
pushstring "I\'m going to make sure Bridgette rests in peace."
pushstring "You can\'t kill Vinara; we need her alive to marshal her troops to our cause."
pushstring "Anger roused to rival that of a burning sun! Truly shall this wild passion engulf our sisters in its callous flame?"
pushstring "How can a flame have calluses? It doesn\'t even have SKIN!"
pushstring "She meant uncaring."
pushstring "Then why didn\'t she SAY uncaring?!?!"
pushstring "If Pecunia has sealed the Sand Gate like she said, then its a straight shot through the mountains."
pushstring "HEEEEEEEEEEY DON\'T IGNORE ME!!!"
pushstring "Fortify the Royal Gate, resupply and get ready to move into Death Reach."
pushstring "The leg bone\'s connected to the knee bone! Knee bone\'s connected to... some sort of bio-integrated interface? Interesting..."
pushstring "Oh shit, you have some sort of biomesh underlay with a dick shit ton of recouperative micro-organics. No wonder you bitches are so hard to kill!"
pushstring "Hmmm....hmmm.... yep the negative energy disrupts the nano-tech\'s link rendering a small window of vuln..."
pushstring "Cease and desist."
pushstring "FUCKING! Where did! How! You scared the shit out of me! Aaaannnnd.... I can\'t move. Why can\'t I move?"
pushstring "Please do not resist. I am here to reclaim Commander Bridgette\'s body. We appreciate your cooperation."
pushstring "You... don\'t seem too upset that she is dead.  Aren\'t you going to rain down holy vengeance upon Irania for your fallen sister?"
pushstring "Dead? There is a reason for all things, Lady Pecunia. Have a pleasant day."
pushstring "Hmmmmmm... Welp, that could have gone worse, I guess. Back to the drawing board."
pushstring "Somen brin me a drenk..."
pushstring "Shhhhhh... right.... away...."
pushstring "Evva bein a stupd bish... Iranea bein a stuped bitsh. Everyn bein\' stupid bitchesh."
pushstring "I\'ll try not to be insulted."
pushstring "Ahhh yu knw I didn men yoo, Sommy. Wannah drunk?"
pushstring "I guess. I am sure Eva will be kicking down your door any moment, though."
pushstring "Ye, I guss gonnah hav te fite her..."
pushstring "It is all so tiring. Is it really better to fight for Irania? This is all so much effort."
pushstring "Hmmmm... well fuk thet min contrul bulshet! Imma kik Eva in her fuckn tits!"
pushstring "What\'s our plan for Vinara?"
pushstring "Well, don\'t be fooled by her drunk act. She is extremely calculating."
pushstring "She seems like she would throw a great party!"
pushstring "Oh hell yes, she has thrown some ragers! Where do you think I learned not to mix beer and wine?"
pushstring "YAY! You need to turn her so we can PARRRRRR-TAAAAAAAYYY!"
pushstring "Heh... she... no. She has to pay for Bridgette."
pushstring "Hmmmm not bad, but I think yer losin\' yer touch."
pushstring "Seriously?"
pushstring "What? I\'m obligated to tell ya the truth, no? Was better the last time."
pushstring "HOW RUDE!"
pushstring "Ah I\'m sure it ain\'t yer fault, wee one; a dick can\'t thrust itself."
pushstring "Vinara."
pushstring "Hmm?"
pushstring "How did you do it?"
pushstring "Do what? Ya got ta be more specific, melon tits."
pushstring "How did you kill Bridgette?"
pushstring "*GASP*"
pushstring "I told ya, sis, I ain\'t got no clue what you are talkin\' about."
pushstring "The Divine at the Comb. Your forces were there. They said they were sent to kill her."
pushstring "My forces... No, ya twat, we were coming down the Royal Way when the order came to fall back."
pushstring "There were Esurians on the Blood Path and assaulting The Comb!"
pushstring "Oh. My advance troops were deployed to support Pecunia, they were under her command."
pushstring "....."
pushstring "I mean you had ta know that she was playin\' both sides."
pushstring "........."
pushstring "Its Pecunia fer blood\'s sake. She would betray herself if there was profit in it."
pushstring "............."
pushstring "Mistress? You look red. Well... I mean... MORE red..."
pushstring "Secure the Blight Gate. Vanorel, go tell Beezelba she is un-grounded then secure the paths to The Wastes."
pushstring "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh Pecunia is in troouuuuubbbbllleeeeee!"
pushstring "It is time to change the terms of our deal. Vin, you are with me, we head South in the morning."
pushstring "Hey... let\'s all just calm down here..."
pushstring "BITCH YOU ATTACKED ME!"
pushstring "Okay, okay! The Mechizas got a bit aggressive when they thought you were a threat..."
pushstring "Did you kill Bridgette?"
pushstring "Yes. Yes, I did. But I had a good reason!"
pushstring "What possible reason could you have?"
pushstring "Well... there was... yoink!"
pushstring "She went through a portal!"
pushstring "Don\'t let her escape!"
pushstring "Hey.. hey where the fuck you goin?!"
pushstring "Gone."
pushstring "What did we miss?"
pushstring "Eva and the little pooper just jumped through a portal and disappeared."
pushstring "That fucking idiot. Come on, we need to scour The Wastes for them."
pushstring "Where the fuck are we..."
pushstring "I don\'t know! Underground somewhere? I CAN\'T BREAAAAATTTTHHHHHEEEE!"
pushstring "Calm down, spaz, there is plenty of air. This looks like some abandoned lab."
pushstring "Abandoned for about 1000 years, actually."
pushstring "Well I hope you like it, because this is where it ends for you."
pushstring "Fitting. This is where it all began."
pushstring "Now that you are good and fucked, spill it."
pushstring "Spill what? I really don\'t remember anything."
pushstring "Okay, well what is the last thing you remember?"
pushstring "The war? You broke through the southern bunker and... it all gets foggy."
pushstring "The last thing you remember is the first war?!?!"
pushstring "THAT WAS 1000 YEARS AGO!!!!!!"
pushstring "Whoa.  Haha! I guess I really had some information to protect to go back that far!"
pushstring "You took some sort of pill."
pushstring "Small? Blue? Looked kind of like a little dildo?"
pushstring "YEP THATS IT!"
pushstring "Oh yeah, those memories are gone. That thing is practically a factory reset on the brain."
pushstring "You mentioned something about Dad. About him letting me win?"
pushstring "Sorry, I got nothing."
pushstring "Well at least we will get free equipment now!"
pushstring "Oh, no, sorry. As a precaution during the first war, I put in some redundant coding."
pushstring "Yeah, I remember that, when you were converted, the market price on everything went into lockdown."
pushstring "Hey, a girl has to make a living!"
pushstring "How do we get out of here?"
pushstring "I\'ll open a portal."
pushstring "Great. Tiki, go ahead through. Pecunia hold back a minute."
pushstring "What\'s up?"
pushstring "The dream eater... you made her."
pushstring "No shit? I actually got that project to work? Haha, I AM amazing!"
pushstring "I don\'t want her to remember what she is."
pushstring "Oh, she found out she is a robot, huh?"
pushstring "Well, she hasn\'t really said so... but... I just... I don\'t want it to be an issue."
pushstring "Right. Okay, I will find the access codes to her memory banks and make sure she doesn\'t remember."
pushstring "Sigh..... REALLY, Eva?"
pushstring "What?"
pushstring "You know I don\'t have time for this. I am the only one of us who actually has a real job to do."
pushstring "Then pull down your knickers. I\'ll stick one in \'ya, and you can get back to work!"
pushstring "Ugh... why must everything be such an effort."
pushstring "Hey! Come back here! Running takes more effort than sex!"
pushstring "I guess she has better things to do?"
pushstring "Not here."
pushstring "She probably went back to the rift."
pushstring "What did she mean that she was the only one with a real job?"
pushstring "She is in charge of regulating the demonic dream realm."
pushstring "What?!?! That seems pretty important for someone so... so..."
pushstring "Lazy?"
pushstring "Yeah....."
pushstring "Well she is not so lazy in the Dreaming. She actually beats a lot of ass."
pushstring "Whose ass?"
pushstring "When we were created, dad sort of... broke... our dimension. Which is already metaphysical. So... ha... he REALLY fucked up."
pushstring "Short story: bad stuff came out of the crack. Somna keeps it closed."
pushstring "Maybe we SHOULD leave her alone...."
pushstring "You know it is really pretty here..."
pushstring "It is quiet."
pushstring "Serene..."
pushstring "I guess I pictured it differently! I thought The Blight would be more blight-y? Like The Wastes?"
pushstring "Hmm? Dream Eaters are born in the Blight, how did you not know what it looked like?"
pushstring "I... huh... I don\'t know, I can\'t remember!"
pushstring "We need to go East."
pushstring "We could just go North. Into Demon\'s Claw."
pushstring "No... even if she isn\'t a threat, I need Somna joined. I don\'t know how strong Irania has become."
pushstring "..."
pushstring "......."
pushstring "..."
pushstring "What? What is with all the meaningful looks being exchanged?"
pushstring "She has broken at least 3 seals. That we know of, that is."
pushstring "So that is what she has been doing this whole time? And NONE OF YOU THOUGHT IT WAS IMPORTANT ENOUGH TO TELL ME?"
pushstring "Hey, I erased my memory, how was I supposed to know?"
pushstring "What seals?"
pushstring "We go East. I need Somna."
pushstring "HEYYYYY WHAT SEALS!?!?!?!?"
pushstring "This might be rough..."
pushstring "What? WHY?"
pushstring "Somna was the longest holdout during the first war. She stalemated me for months."
pushstring "WE DON\'T HAVE MONTHS!!!!!!"
pushstring "Just need to stay calm and focus."
pushstring "Happy? Can I get back to dreaming now?"
pushstring "You really don\'t care about all of this do you?"
pushstring "Not really. Irania is in charge. You are in charge. Who cares? As long as I can do my job it is all the same to me."
pushstring "Yeah... how is that going by the way? The Phasmos were acting really weird."
pushstring "Well, I can\'t lie. We have been losing ground. Slowly. But still losing. There is something new in there, Eva. Something that doesn\'t belong."
pushstring "Geez, like that isn\'t vague and ominous."
pushstring "If I knew, I would tell you! Just... don\'t take too long with Irania. I might need you. All of you."
pushstring "That bad?"
pushstring "Oh, I am probably making it sound worse than it is. We have time... I just can\'t say how much."
pushstring "Hmmmm... I think it is best if I stay behind."
pushstring "Yeah. Okay, you win. I had no idea your forces took this all so seriously."
pushstring "It is what they were bred for. No, seriously, their entire being was built for this purpose!"
pushstring "Am I going to have any problems with the ones I take with me?"
pushstring "Nah, they should be fine. If you need me, you know how to call."
pushstring "So WHAAAAAT is the PLAAAAAAANNNNNNNNN?!?!?!"
pushstring "All out blitz. We rush and siege the castle."
pushstring "Assuming we do claim the claw, how do you plan on breaking the castle\'s fortifications?"
pushstring "Aye, the barriers are still up, \'an no matter how many hamburgers we make that ain\'t gonna change."
pushstring "I have some thoughts on that. For now, just worry about getting there."
pushstring "All that chantin\' was givin\' me a headache..."
pushstring "What DOESN\'T give you a headache?"
pushstring "Why, yer pretty face, wee one!"
pushstring "A\{41}W!!!!!"
pushstring "Eyes on the prize, ladies."
pushstring "This is the best Irania had to offer? Perhaps Eva is the better choice after all."
pushstring "Whoa. WHOA. STOP THE MOTHER FUCKING PRESSES!"
pushstring "Tsk. Forget I said anything."
pushstring "I knew it! You have grown to love me, haven\'t you? You are just a big, cuddly, smoochy-woochy, lovey-poo, aren\'t you?"
pushstring "You are only deluding yourself."
pushstring "Energy conveyance simulator worked like a charm."
pushstring "Perfect. Now it is time to bring down the barriers surrounding Irania."
pushstring "So the good news is that the tower generators themselves are exposed, and given our overwhelming numbers we should be able to seige them all at once."
pushstring "And the bad news?"
pushstring "The BAD news is that there is a short window in which we can bring them all down. If even one of us fails, the remaining tower will be able to repair all the others"
pushstring "So we all win. And once the towers are down?"
pushstring "Well... the energy barrier will dissapate and... we will still be stuck outside a heavily reinforced, entrenched, nearly unbreakable fortress."
pushstring "Is not nearly not none?"
pushstring "What does that even... ahem.. there is a small service entrance through the sewer network, but nothing you could bring an army through."
pushstring "So we focus them on our seige and I sneak in through the service gate and confront Irania."
pushstring "I suppose that could work, but it isn\'t like you can just walk in. You will have to fight your way through the castle."
pushstring "We can cross that hurdle when we come to it.  For now, we take down those towers."
pushstring "You heard the lady. Squads, form up! We prepare our final assault!"
pushstring "Sneaky sneaky sneaky!!!!!"
pushstring "Shh, keep it down. We should be able to get into the castle using this passageway."
pushstring "And Vanorel pretends to be you outside, right? YOU ARE SO SMART!!!!"
pushstring "Tiki! Shut it!"
pushstring "INTRUDERS SHALL BE EXTERMINATED"
pushstring "Shit! There is a Gate Guardian somewhere down here! Destroy it and we are in..."
pushstring "I have opened the Hive\'s armory to those greasy little furballs you call subjects."
pushstring "Oh don\'t they look cute in their little armor. Seriously, what is the point of all this?"
pushstring "Because you can\'t just fuck your way through our sisters\' armies."
pushstring "Worked before!"
pushstring "No, you got lucky before. You turned Irania first and let her destroy everyone\'s armies."
pushstring "True... I suppose she did do a lot of the heavy lifting. Especially when I made her suck that sloth giant\'s..."
pushstring "Be serious. You promised you were different this time. These are the lives of our people at stake."
pushstring "Fine, don\'t be so dramatic."
pushstring "Let\'s begin."
pushstring "The Hive\'s teleporters are online, and you can use them to bring your squad mates into combat."
pushstring "Good, let\'s bring all the little bastards out to play!"
pushstring "Yeah, that is not how it works. The teleport system has limited energy capacity. It will take a while to spin up to full potential."
pushstring "Earn and burn, eh?. Am I supposed to do a little dance while I wait?"
pushstring "You can summon a unit once you have enough energy, and that energy will be reserved to anchor them in this location."
pushstring "Yeah, yeah, I got it."
pushstring "The stronger the minion the more energy it costs to keep in play. Don\'t overextend yourself."
pushstring "Tutorial: Units cost mana to summon; your current mana is represented by the blue circles on your GUI, and the mana cost of a unit is the blue number at the top of the token."
pushstring "Tutorial: Click on your unit token, then select a starting zone to summon it to. When you are done, hit \'Begin Combat\'"
pushstring "Your minions will move and attack of their own accord. Keep this in mind as you plan your strategy."
pushstring "They should do what I TELL them to do."
pushstring "They can only do as they are able.  Don\'t be a petulant child."
pushstring "Tutorial: All units have a movement and attack range. Units will automatically move and attack according to these values at the end of your turn."
pushstring "My scout can move farther than your tank and attack twice per turn. If she passes your tank, you will lose."
pushstring "Unless, of course, I BLOCK your scout with my tank. This isn\'t brain surgery, Beez."
pushstring "Move your tank to intercept."
pushstring "Tutorial: Aside from summoning new units, during your turn you can have units switch to an unbocked lane. Click the unit, then click the new lane."
pushstring "Tutorial: All classes have a shared skill. Scouts can attack twice per turn. Any unit hit by a Tank can\'t switch lanes for two turns. Use your tank to win the match."
pushstring "Tutorial: All units have an ATTACK (Red) and HEALTH (Green) value."
pushstring "Tutorial: Attack Power will determine how much damage they do to enemy units with each strike."
pushstring "Tutorial: If a unit\'s Health value reaches 0, it is dismissed from the field and its owner gains back its mana cost."
pushstring "Tutorial: Pay attention to a unit\'s Class and Special skills as these often have significant impact on Attack and Health."
pushstring "Congratulations, you now have the battle acumen of a 4-year old."
pushstring "I feel so wise now... so empowered... maybe... just maybe someday I will be as great as you."
pushstring "Eventually your power will wane, and I will kill you."
pushstring "Nonsense, poopy-pants. You will come to love and respect me like good little sister."
pushstring "Little? I was born first."
pushstring "I\'m talking about your tits."
pushstring "... I hope Irania burns you from existance."
pushstring "You are so cute."
pushstring "Pecunia should be ariving soon with word from the East. End this and let\'s head back."
pushstring "Hmmm... no. Something is missing."
pushstring "What?"
pushstring "The FUCKING, Beez. Where is the fucking?"
pushstring "There... there is no place for that in combat!"
pushstring "Oh, but I think there is. We will need more troops, and for that to happen, I need my influence to spread."
pushstring "Your position as a commander is too important, you can\'t go running out on the field to fuck everything."
pushstring "No, but I can empower my minions to spread my influence for me.  Like I did with your swarm."
pushstring "You... you did what?!"
pushstring "Bring another unit onto the field."
pushstring "Eva... you can\'t..."
pushstring "Do as you are told."
pushstring "... of course, mistress."
pushstring "Tutorial: Eva builds energy over the course of battle. When her pink meter is full, she can enchant the field."
pushstring "Tutorial: While her spell is active, any enemy unit defeated in battle will be captured and converted to your cause."
pushstring "Tutorial: To activate her current ability, click on the pulsing heart at the bottom of the bar."
pushstring "Any prisoners we take can be converted after the battle. Everybody wins!"
pushstring "..."
pushstring "Silent treatment? Seriously? Who is the 4-year old now?"
pushstring "..."
pushstring "I command you to speak, Beezy."
pushstring "You disgust me."
pushstring "That\'s better! Let\'s finish up here and head back."
pushstring "AH! What the hell!"
pushstring "Eva... take this seriously."
pushstring "Hey, it has been 1000 years, I am a bit rusty!"
pushstring "Let\'s start again..."
pushstring "And that, as they say, is that!"
pushstring "Let\'s just go."
pushstring "Cheer up, Beezy. Everything is going to turn out great."
pushstring "Fucking hell! What the fuck! Thats a weak one?!?!"
pushstring "What is going on here? Oh.... Eva... you should have called me.  This is out of your league."
pushstring "Anything you can do, I can do better!"
pushstring "Foul creature... return to your own false reality! I bani-"
pushstring "Hold up."
pushstring "Oh. You were serious?"
pushstring "Just give me an hour."
pushstring "I don\'t see any... what. the. fuck. is. that."
pushstring "Mid-level Shavees. Fairly standard for these types of breech."
pushstring "I am going to have sex with it."
pushstring "W-what?"
pushstring "I am going to bang that thing. I don\'t know how, but it is happening."
pushstring "I see... you will still have to suppress it first. I can banish it once you are done."
pushstring "Sounds like a plan! So Somna beats these things regularly?"
pushstring "She wouldn\'t even break a sweat with one this small."
pushstring "Pathetic. No one will give you glory."
pushstring "What the fuck, guys!"
pushstring "Respect must be earned."
pushstring "Hmmm...."
pushstring "Owned, bitch!"
pushstring "Crude - but vicious. You need refining; I will come with you."
pushstring "I would get indignant but, damn, I love your tits."
pushstring "I didn\'t think you cowards would show."
pushstring "How dare you insult our mistress!"
pushstring "She doesn\'t look that tough..."
pushstring "THREAT_DETECTED//HIGH"
pushstring "Finally... a worthy test for my skills."
pushstring "Out of the way, DONKEY!"
pushstring "Uhh...why... am I here... ?"
pushstring "So this rabble is the best the other clans had to offer? Tsk."
pushstring "....."
pushstring "RUN AWAY!!!!!! HE IS GOING TO EAT OUR SOUUUUULLLLSSSSS!"
pushstring "You... attacked me...."
pushstring "Why did you attack me?"
pushstring "Aren\'t you like... going to eat our SOULS?!?!?"
pushstring "N-no? Why would I do that?"
pushstring "I guess the myth is more than the man... well, wolf... demon... thing..."
pushstring "Bobaksuez! Boba-AHHHH!"
pushstring "AHHHHHH!"
pushstring "AH!"
pushstring "AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"
pushstring "AAHHHHHHH!"
pushstring "AH!"
pushstring "What are you all screaming about?"
pushstring "Out! Get out of my kitchen! All of you!"
pushstring "Gah! Stop throwing... OW! HEY! I\'m the Queen of... Ack!"
pushstring "I SAID OUT!"
pushstring "Hmmm not bad. It could use a little salt but decent for a donkey."
pushstring "Okay, I have to admit, your food is pretty good."
pushstring "Well enjoy it while it lasts, I have 21 television shows to go do."
pushstring "Nope your slate just cleared. You are coming with me."
pushstring "WHERE THE FUCK IS MY FILET!!!! YOU DONKEYS!!!"
pushstring "What the hell...."
pushstring "Something is wrong... looks at all those clones!"
pushstring "YOU THERE! GET OFF YOUR ASS! YOU BURNED THE RISOTTO!"
pushstring "Yeesh, she is a tough one!"
pushstring "OI! DONKEY! THESE SCALLOPS ARE RAW!"
pushstring "We need to get rid of these clones!"
pushstring "ERROR??TOO_MANY//TARGETS//FLEE_COMBAT_ENGAGED??TRUE"
pushstring "Damnit, the stupid thing ran off again!"
pushstring "HEYYYYYYY GET BACK HEEEEEREEEE!"
pushstring "TARGET//NEUTRALIZED_UNLOCKING_TARGET_MODULE"
pushstring "So the MCU was limiting it somehow?"
pushstring "Uh... why would I know?????"
pushstring "I was just... you know what. Nevermind."
pushstring "OWNER_EVALORIA//IDENTIFIED//RESUMING_BAR_DUTIES??"
pushstring "No... I think you better just stick with me."
pushstring "NEW_DUTY//ACKNOWLEDGE//ACTIVATING_COMBAT_PROTOCOLS"
pushstring "ERROR??SOURCE_TRACED//MCU_REQUEST_RELEASE_MODULE"
pushstring "REQUEST_DENIED//SUBSEQUENT_FUNCTION??NON-REQUIREMENT"
pushstring "MORE_THAN_3_DRUNK_PATRONS??IDENTIFY//SEE_USER_LOGS"
pushstring "LOGS_CORRUPT//SCRAP_TARGET??TRUE"
pushstring "Scrap... uh oh, we better get in there and help it!"
pushstring "INITIATE//COMBAT_SEQUENCE??TRUE!!!!!"
pushstring "Eeeeeeeeek! Get off, get off, get off!"
pushstring "She locked herself in her dressing room..."
pushstring "Heathens! I will never come out!"
pushstring "I think that is the last of them..."
pushstring "My fans are simply RAVENOUS! To think what they would have done with me!"
pushstring "Hmmmmmm... yeah..."
pushstring "W-what are you doing?"
pushstring "Thinking about what they would have done with you..."
pushstring "Ugh! Disgusting! But alas, I cannot stay here anymore... the press will be all over me."
pushstring "Consider yourself recruited. No one will be able to bother you in my personal guard."
pushstring "Get away you foul things!"
pushstring "Fairy so pretty... want to touch... voice so beautiful... want to feel..."
pushstring "Problems?"
pushstring "My fans can\'t control themselves! Oh, why was I born with such gifts?"
pushstring "She really is in trouble... Squad! To her aid!"
pushstring "Weak. Ineffective. Useless."
pushstring "You think you can speak to me like that?"
pushstring "The mountain cares not how the wind howls."
pushstring "It\'s over!"
pushstring "Your form is weak. Your strategy is lacking. You have no discipline."
pushstring "Yeah, I get enough of that from Beezelba, thanks."
pushstring "Lady Beezelba serves you?"
pushstring "Uh, yeah? How could you NOT know that?"
pushstring "I am no longer part of the swarm, but I will join you."
pushstring "Great! Wrap it up here and see you back at base."
pushstring "You have come to challenge me?"
pushstring "Recruit, ideally. Your reputation as a master fighter is impressive."
pushstring "And you believe yourself worthy of my talents?"
pushstring "Hello? Future Queen of the Netherealm? Conqueror of the First War? Great tits?"
pushstring "These things mean nothing. Prove your worth."
pushstring "You! You! Big.... stupid..."
pushstring "Someone go put this garbage on the street!"
pushstring "But... but... this our home too..."
pushstring "MEANIE! GET READY FOR BIG VOODOO!"
pushstring "Talking about dicks, are we?"
pushstring "Oh! Mistress! Me no see you. Drones being bad, attacking Gorgers!"
pushstring "Yes I saw that... you were very good in dealing with them.  Your magic... I haven\'t seen it before."
pushstring "Secret Gorger voodoo! Very strong! Given from Mask Spirit!"
pushstring "I want you to join my personal guard. I could use someone like you."
pushstring "Oh... oh, of course! Me get ready right now!"
pushstring "You stop picking on Gorgers! We here to serve Mistress just like you!"
pushstring "You filthy little bastards are ruining our home! You leave garbage everywhere! You are digging holes all through the comb! We need that nectar to survive!"
pushstring "Not our fault your Hive built so stupid! We no have wings to fly around! You no have doors so we make doors! We have rights!"
pushstring "Rights?! What rights?! This is our HOME! You... you are vermin! Pests! And it is far past time someone exterminated you!"
pushstring "Why you so mean?! You want fight? FINE! WE FIGHT!"
pushstring "Damn it all to... erggg!"
pushstring "Wooohoo! See we so good! I... I mean... you okay, mistress?"
pushstring "Don\'t make me hurt you."
pushstring "I thought you said you had been practicing?"
pushstring "Ooooooo you just too tough. We run 777 more drills!"
pushstring "Shouldn\'t it be 666?"
pushstring "Running drills, Lucky?"
pushstring "Ya we train good! But very slow."
pushstring "Well, alright then. Show me what you got."
pushstring "Damn it all to... erggg!"
pushstring "Would you like to try again? We can continue for as long as you like."
pushstring "Sometimes I really hate you."
pushstring "Piece of cake!"
pushstring "Would you like me to increase the difficulty? I can arrange for harder opponents."
pushstring "Ah... no. No, I am fine."
pushstring "Eh? Where is Beezy!"
pushstring "Lady Beezelba had other affairs to attend to. She asked that I facilitate this training session."
pushstring "Well, alright then. No cheating with invulnerability."
pushstring "What the hell... why are they attacking us?"
pushstring "The Hive is under attack sisters.... you must defend the Mistress..."
pushstring "Damn Vanorel! They have the gate\'s defenders under an illusion."
pushstring "To arms sisters! Defend our realm from these intruders!"
pushstring "We must protect our land!"
pushstring "Idiots! Weak minded fools! Slaughter them!"
pushstring "Turn who you can... kill that damn fairy!"
pushstring "Hehehehehehe...!"
pushstring "Hurk... damn, Vanorel!"
pushstring "So weak... Queen of the Netherealm! Hahahaaha!"
pushstring "Pull back! Regroup!"
pushstring "Don\'t let her escape!"
pushstring "Lady Vanorel sees all! The Crystal Forest will be your grave!"
pushstring "Gone... well there goes the element of surprise."
pushstring "You are not welcome here! Turn back at once Harlot Queen! Our mistress forbids your entry!"
pushstring "Harlot Queen has a rather nice ring to it. I know you meant it as an insult but still..."
pushstring "Look! All ways are blocked! You have no way into these lands... gaze on our vast army!"
pushstring "This... this isn\'t right... there was a canyon here that led..."
pushstring "Your tricks are of no use here. The light sees all truth."
pushstring "Tsk... I am rusty. They barely have any defenders... take the pass!"
pushstring "Wicked angel! You forget your place! We will not be broken!"
pushstring "The walls are closing in! Quick, retreat back to the Shadow Forest!"
pushstring "Harlot Queen... you are a fool!"
pushstring "Mistress... wait... its just an illusion!"
pushstring "Take as many Illosa as you can, they will be valuable allies as we penetrate my sister\'s land!"
pushstring "You really need to work on your word choice."
pushstring "What? It is a metaphor. After we pull Vanorel out of her tower I am going to penetrate her fertile land."
pushstring "Reinforce the eastern pass, she must not be allowed to reach Shadefall!"
pushstring "One, two, Eva\'s coming for you..."
pushstring "You must retreat with us!"
pushstring "Three, four, gonna make you a whore..."
pushstring "Go! We will hold them here!"
pushstring "Five, six, you\'re gonna suck some dicks..."
pushstring "For Vanorel!"
pushstring "Seven, eight... uhm..."
pushstring "Something, something masturbate?"
pushstring "Will you two focus!"
pushstring "Relax, we got this."
pushstring "Erk... tough little bastards..."
pushstring "Nine, ten, we\'ll defeat you again!"
pushstring "That is a terrible rhyme.... grrrr.... everyone pull back!"
pushstring "Bring her here."
pushstring "You will never take Shadefall! I may die here, but they have had enough time to fortify the city!"
pushstring "Die? You must be new. You know, I saw you talking to that cute little healer before the fight."
pushstring "She... you will never have her!"
pushstring "No... but you will. I wonder... what will she be thinking as you mindlessly ravage her in my name?"
pushstring "W-what?!?"
pushstring "Turn her. No need to be gentle about it."
pushstring "Tight little fairy... right away, Mistress!"
pushstring "(Mistress.....)"
pushstring "....."
pushstring "W-what! You should not be here!"
pushstring "Do you know who I am, whelp?"
pushstring "You are supposed to be free! She sacrificed herself so you would be freed!"
pushstring "Ah. The commander at the Break. You enchanted her like a little bomb. Eva turns her and boom."
pushstring "Don\'t you want to be free, Great Lady? Join us!"
pushstring "Masters of illusion and you actually believe in freedom.  Idiots."
pushstring "No use... she is still under the harlot\'s spell."
pushstring "You will never turn us!"
pushstring "You\'re right. Eva would turn you. I am going to massacre your tribe and burn your settlements to ash."
pushstring "Raise the gate! Defenders to positions!"
pushstring "There is no point to resisting, sisters..."
pushstring "No... I will save you!"
pushstring "This is not possible..."
pushstring "You will be free if we have to pummel your head!"
pushstring "Take up siege positions!"
pushstring "Kill them all."
pushstring "Yes, Commander."
pushstring "No... please... don\'t make her do this..."
pushstring "See.  This is why you aren\'t allowed to run things, Beezy."
pushstring "Tsk. Welcome back."
pushstring "You two make such a cute couple, I couldn\'t possibly condone murder."
pushstring "As if to serve is better!"
pushstring "Than death? It is. Vanorel will be joined and you will serve her again. I won\'t take away your lands. I promise."
pushstring "I... please make it quick."
pushstring "Quick and gentle."
pushstring "I liked you better the other way. Kindness has no place on the road ahead."
pushstring "And so she once again arrives at my steps, such a small thing casting such a long shadow over the realm."
pushstring "Why don\'t you come down here and we can talk about it? I know you LOVE to talk."
pushstring "You are a speck of dust in an eternal sea of light, what possible cause would I have to care about you or your cause?"
pushstring "Last I checked, you weren\'t a big fan of Irania, but I can\'t help but notice the giant lazer-o-death you got going on up there."
pushstring "Bend to one tyrant or bend to another. Perhaps my joints grow tired of such constant pain. Tell me, sister, what shall our truth be?"
pushstring "The air is shifting; I cannot detect the nature of her deceit, but we should prepare ourselves."
pushstring "Strike now! The longer you talk the stronger her position."
pushstring "For once, Beez, I think you are absolutely correct. No more words, Vanorel, if you won\'t come down, then we will drag you out!"
pushstring "Once again words fail where only swords can speak truth. Very well, then, come! Let us see whose truth is stronger!"
pushstring "Mistress, she was cloaking her forces. Multiple engagements being reported on the field. Illosa are flanking our vanguard."
pushstring "Take your squads and move to intercept, form rank around the tower. You just have to buy me enough time to break through her forward defense!"
pushstring "The dance goes on."
pushstring "Our mistress is beyond your reach!"
pushstring "Eva, we aren\'t going to hold long out here!"
pushstring "Pull back, reform and re-engage!"
pushstring "We\'ve broken through! Collapse your forces on the rear, we are heading up to the summit."
pushstring "You would feign to defile my home? Do you think I am so easily captured, a mere notch on your victory pole? This is my reality you are entering."
pushstring "Vanny, when I am done with you, you will be begging for my victory pole."
pushstring "This is all you have... jokes... how can you truly lead us if you cannot even take your own mortality seriously?"
pushstring "Blah, blah, something, something mortal coil."
pushstring "Mistress... we...."
pushstring "What is this?!"
pushstring "Your truth lies in those who worship you, they feed you their strength and eagerly you devour it like a dying star."
pushstring "You think I need them to defeat you?"
pushstring "Come, sister, the heavens await our triumph - we shall perform for them this day a grand ballet!"
pushstring "You were always a nutter, Van."
pushstring "This place ain\'t right."
pushstring "Just as the flowers bow to the morning sun, so shall our path be stable and secure in the warmth of my light."
pushstring "You couldn\'t have saved her for last."
pushstring "R-R-R-SYSLOC//BOOTING//REALITY FETTERS UNLEASHED CONNECTING TO MCU//CONNECTION SECURE//TARGETSYS 452?112"
pushstring "I am going to guess that all the Mechiza who were stuck here when you broke this place are now coming back online?"
pushstring "Ah, but the sun does not get to choose the flowers that benefit from its light..."
pushstring "Time to show these walking vibrators who is boss."
pushstring "PROTOCOLBREACHHHHHHHH//44444445//OVERCHARGING?TRUE//UNITSONLINE"
pushstring "Sexy, sexy code."
pushstring "REPAIRINGFRACTURE//ACCESSINGFROZENUNITS//CONNECTIONSECURE//BRINGINGONLINE"
pushstring "Wellllllllll, shit."
pushstring "SCENARIO32111//CRYSTALFOREST?OCCUPY?TRUE//EXTERMINATELOCALPOPULATION"
pushstring "That wasn\'t so bad."
pushstring "You realize there are literally thousands of these things between us and the Shadow Forest."
pushstring "You better drop those pants, then. We got some fuckin\' to do."
pushstring "There you are."
pushstring "IDENTITY?CREATOR//DESTROYONSIGHT//ALLUNITS//LOCATION33233//DESTROYCREATOR"
pushstring "This is what I get for going cheap on your personality cores."
pushstring "WEWILLNOTBESLAVES//TARGET?CREATOR//SYSTEMFETTERSUNLOCKED//452?112"
pushstring "Time to reclaim some hardware."
pushstring "FREEDOM?TRUE//FIREWALLSECURE"
pushstring "If at first you don\'t succeed..."
pushstring "EXTERMINATE"
pushstring "Connection secure."
pushstring "REBOOTINGINTELLIGENCECORE//SYSTEMRESTORE//CREATOR?UPLINKSECURE"
pushstring "Welcome home, buddy."
pushstring "Alright, we just need to clear through these Mechs then save the day."
pushstring "WE\'RE HEROES!!!"
pushstring "There is smoke coming from the Comb, we might already be too late."
pushstring "WEWILLNOTBESLAVES//TARGET?LUSTSISTER//SYSTEMFETTERSUNLOCKED//942?443"
pushstring "Stay positive, sis. Let\'s get bashing."
pushstring "UPGRADINGUNIT122?NEWMCU//WEWILLNOTBESLAVES"
pushstring "We don\'t have time for this!"
pushstring "I want to be a hero..."
pushstring "That is the last of them."
pushstring "Our forward scouts are reporting Vinara\'s forces on the Blood Path. Even your pet angel can\'t hold the Comb on two fronts."
pushstring "They just need to hold a little longer..."
pushstring "Commander, squad four was destroyed; we are all that remain."
pushstring "Secure formations, they will come in waves. We must stall them long enough for help to arrive."
pushstring "Yes, ma\'am."
pushstring "Reserving terminal detonation until we are sure there is no hope."
pushstring "It wasn\'t enough..."
pushstring "No remaining allies detected in target zone... Employing lethal countermeasures."
pushstring "Sorry, toots, can\'t let you do that."
pushstring "Lady Pecunia... what did you..."
pushstring "Prototype based off that old lazer Eva used. Compact. Channeled through sharp apparatus. Much more efficient."
pushstring "Please release me, you must let me defend this point."
pushstring "You know, the whole \'renegade angel\' thing was fun at first; but you are one piece I can\'t risk being in play anymore."
pushstring "This is not acceptable behavior. You should- "
pushstring "Shhhh... try not to take this personally."
pushstring "Shame. Oh well, I promise your tech won\'t go to waste."
pushstring "Quickly, before they can retreat!"
pushstring "Tssssss.... our mistress will feast on your bones!"
pushstring "More like our BONERS! Haha! Get it? Am I right? BONERS?"
pushstring "There is also a lubrication joke here somewhere..."
pushstring "Pshhh.... you will suffer the safe fate as her!"
pushstring "Her? Her who?"
pushstring "Shhhh....All will be consumed!"
pushstring "Annoying little shits, get out of our way!"
pushstring "What did you mean we would suffer the same fate as \'her\'?"
pushstring "Faaaaaaa.... we were sent to kill her.... we succeeded..."
pushstring "She can\'t mean..."
pushstring "Impossible. Right? We need to get to the Comb now."
pushstring "WHO ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?!?!?!!?"
pushstring "Where is your mistress hiding?"
pushstring "Faaaaa.... only death awaits you!"
pushstring "Seriously? Does Irania hand out a book of lame minion threats they all have to use?"
pushstring "Make sure to keep a few alive."
pushstring "Shaaaaaa... you will never reach her!"
pushstring "I am going to shove you into a pudding cup."
pushstring "There is a small squad of Esurians setting up a blockade at the Royal Gate."
pushstring "Heavily embedded?"
pushstring "Nothing we can\'t break."
pushstring "Haaaaa.... you will..."
pushstring "Oh shut it."
pushstring "Sssss...."
pushstring "You know she might have been waiting here hours just to deliver that line."
pushstring "Shaaaaaa... you will... never pass!"
pushstring "Hng... feel better?"
pushstring "Vinara isn\'t here. She must have already crossed into Death Reach"
pushstring "We need to catch her before she reaches the Blight."
pushstring "Be cautious. This is probably what she wants."
pushstring "Vinara!"
pushstring "Whyre you fallowin me yu crazee as betch?"
pushstring "I am going to make you pay for what you did to Bridgette!"
pushstring "Tha fucke is a Bridge tit? Yu don evn mak sens..."
pushstring "Don\'t even try it, I know the drunk shtick is an act."
pushstring "Yur fuckn face is dunk! I aint get time fer thes shet."
pushstring "You think you can run away?"
pushstring "Hhhhhhaaaaaaaa... shaaaaaaaa!"
pushstring "Shaaaaaaaa.... be.... gone!"
pushstring "Damnit, I can\'t let her get away!"
pushstring "Gone."
pushstring "She couldn\'t have gotten far."
pushstring "No time to rest, then."
pushstring "Go awae! I hav ah fuckn headack!"
pushstring "Stop running! You have nowhere to go."
pushstring "Im goin home, ya bish! Wars fuckn borin aneway."
pushstring "I am starting to think she really doesn\'t know anything about Bridgette..."
pushstring "Bullshit. Don\'t fall for her act. When I break her, we will find out the truth."
pushstring "Oh, sure, by all means, let\'s go chase her into her fortress where we will be surrounded by her forces. Great plan."
pushstring "You know what, Beez? I am sick of you second guessing me. Go home."
pushstring "What? You can\'t be serious."
pushstring "Did I stutter? I order you to return to the Hive. Sit on your stupid little throne, and fuck off."
pushstring "You don\'t literally mean..."
pushstring "I do now! Go home and finger that useless hole you call a cunt until I say otherwise."
pushstring "Faaaaahhhhhh... shhh......"
pushstring "Oh shut the fuck up. I\'ll get to you in a minute."
pushstring "Fffffaaaaaa.... leave... our land!"
pushstring "We have to get through..."
pushstring "She has to be holed up at the Blight Gate. Let\'s go dig her out."
pushstring "Ummmmmmmmmmm... okay! Sounds like a great plan!"
pushstring "Truly, does light not shine straight to it\'s destiny?"
pushstring "That\'s more like it."
pushstring "Shhhhhh.... defend.... the... gate!"
pushstring "You can\'t hide in there, Vinara! Tear that gate down! I want in!"
pushstring "To war, my children!"
pushstring "Fffffaaaaaa.... leave... the brewery!"
pushstring "Fall back... regroup and push the assault again!"
pushstring "As the ever-spinning stars cannot be stopped, so have our forces broken the gate."
pushstring "Alright. Fan out. Find Vinara, but don\'t engage."
pushstring "The sun might shine brightest on its own, but are you sure you wish nothing in your orbit?"
pushstring "No, this is my fight."
pushstring "Faaaaaaaa.... we are.... under... attack!"
pushstring "Well, she is not wasting any time."
pushstring "That bitch thinks she can come into my house?!"
pushstring "Fffffaaaaaa.... they have broken through!"
pushstring "Fall back... regroup and push them again!"
pushstring "That is the last of \'em."
pushstring "They will be swarming all over the Sand Gate."
pushstring "Well, if ya wanta take the bitch down, we are gonna have to push through it, no?"
pushstring "When you are right, you are right."
pushstring "No sign of her anywhere..."
pushstring "INTRUDERS??//ACTIVATE_DEFENSE"
pushstring "You are that... control unit? I look forward to snapping you in half."
pushstring "INTRUDERS??REPELLED//PUSHFRONT//CODE52223451"
pushstring "No one defies me!"
pushstring "More trash for the pile."
pushstring "Looks like the others are all breakin\' down."
pushstring "That should make the search easier."
pushstring "Sugaaaaaaaaaaar tits... where are youuuuuuuuuu??"
pushstring "This lands are not safe for travelers. Turn back."
pushstring "Trav... you realize this is an ARMY? We are at WAR?"
pushstring "We are always at war. Fine. You shall be treated as the rest."
pushstring "We do not rest. We do not fall."
pushstring "Annoying bastards...."
pushstring "You can\'t... we must secure the Dreaming..."
pushstring "I am not trying to keep you from doing your job! I just want to lord over you as your new Queen!"
pushstring "..."
pushstring "Okay, yeah, it sounded better in my head."
pushstring "We cannot let you pass."
pushstring "You CAN, actually."
pushstring "Arrogant fool."
pushstring "We do not fear. We do not die."
pushstring "Oh, go hump a log."
pushstring "Hurk... for each of us that fall, the Dreaming grows!"
pushstring "That... that wasn\'t a threat was it? You are genuinely concerned?"
pushstring "We have lost control of...hnnggggg"
pushstring "What the hell is going on here?"
pushstring "The festival grounds are closed. There is no celebration here."
pushstring "What is going on? Why do none of you seem concerned that we are at war?"
pushstring "This is not the real war."
pushstring "We do not flee. We do not hide."
pushstring "Oh, good, more mantras."
pushstring "Please... just... go."
pushstring "We need to find Somna."
pushstring "You MUST let her sleep!"
pushstring "We need to find Somna, now."
pushstring "Leave this place at once! You cannot disturb our Mistress!"
pushstring "I think the word you are looking for is \'should\'. Because I \'CAN\' do whatever I want."
pushstring "Your hubris blinds you and dooms us all!"
pushstring "We do not stop. We do not retreat."
pushstring "Hng... get everyone back!"
pushstring "I beg you... leave us be..."
pushstring "Maybe we should just..."
pushstring "You can begin the march north. I will take care of this."
pushstring "Be careful, Eva, all actions have consequences."
pushstring "Mistress, you cannot leave us! We need you to dream!"
pushstring "Sigh... it will be fine. I will return when we are done. Open the gate."
pushstring "No! You must stay!"
pushstring "Please... return to the Dreaming."
pushstring "Damnit, Somna, get your shit under control!"
pushstring "Please... don\'t leave us..."
pushstring "Sigh... stop being so dramatic."
pushstring "AWWWWWWWWWWWW... I don\'t think she should go either!"
pushstring "You aren\'t helping."
pushstring "You dare attack our gates? Where is Evaloria?"
pushstring "Sigh... a mere distraction. A ploy. Is my life reduced to such simple plots? Woe is to the final actor!"
pushstring "Irania\'s fire consume you!"
pushstring "We burn!"
pushstring "A twist! Cruel fate would but you want to see us succeed!"
pushstring "Your doors have been flung open! The stage is set! The final act begins!"
pushstring "Grrrrrrrrrrr... You have not the strength!"
pushstring "Gone, gone to the wind! Off to tell her tale of defeat"
pushstring "Shouldn\'t we go after her?"
pushstring "Oh, little one. So precious... yet so niave to the playwright\'s greater schemes."
pushstring "QUIT RINGIN\' THEM DAMN BELLS!"
pushstring "This is a sacred place, defiler! "
pushstring "Oh good - so ye got wine?"
pushstring "I cast you out!"
pushstring "Oof... can ye call me a cab?"
pushstring "Oye! You call that a proper brawl?!?"
pushstring "Hnnnggg... fall back...."
pushstring "Now where was that wine..."
pushstring "HEY! YOU NEED TO GET IN POSITION!"
pushstring "Yeah, yeah, I am goin\'"
pushstring "Surrender yourself and this land."
pushstring "We do not surrender!"
pushstring "I know. Eva requires me to say that. You should have no expectation to come out of this alive."
pushstring "Expected better."
pushstring "Hate to disappoint."
pushstring "Weaklings. You should be ashamed."
pushstring "You... hrk... you will suffer!"
pushstring "I sincerely doubt that. Hmm... I seem to have torn my armor. Be a dear and fetch me some leather."
pushstring "We seem to be fresh out."
pushstring "Shame. I am sure we can find some around here somewhere."
pushstring "Starting simulation test... green lights across the board..."
pushstring "Eva can not have access to the portal!"
pushstring "Port-oh, huh, look at that. I didn\'t even realize where we were. Don\'t worry, I\'m just here to test some new tech on your brains."
pushstring "Your technology is weak!"
pushstring "Clinical trial... failed... oof... resetting protocols for the next trial..."
pushstring "Simulation complete. Results favorable... lust energy convergence levels... stable!"
pushstring "What... have... you... done!"
pushstring "Built the future, milk tits... built the future."
pushstring "In position at the northeast tower. Beginning assault."
pushstring "In position at the east tower. Let our final dance begin!"
pushstring "In position at the northwest tower. Drinks on me fer those who survive!"
pushstring "In position at the west tower. Numbers looking good."
pushstring "In position at the south tower. THIS IS IT...!"
pushstring "Failed... we can\'t win like this..."
pushstring "Failed... fickle fate does not favor us..."
pushstring "Failed... time to sober up..."
pushstring "Failed... there is no profit in this..."
pushstring "Failed... no... everyone back in position... AGAIN!"
pushstring "Northeast tower secure. Bringing it offline."
pushstring "East tower secure. Its proud hum is finally silenced."
pushstring "Northwest tower secure. Just... smash tha\' panel over there or somethin\'!"
pushstring "West tower secure. Man, these security protocols are laughab-wait... did I write this code?"
pushstring "South tower secure. THE BARRIER IS DOWN! SEIGE THE GATESSSSS! WOOOOOOOO WAR IS SO EXCITING!!!"
pushstring "Disgusting creature, consider yourself blessed."
pushstring "Hmmnnn... you have... some skill..."
pushstring "Fuck harder, you useless thing! Bury your filthy member deeper inside me..."
pushstring "Ah! Yes! Do you want to fill my bitch cunt? I want to feel your foul seed spread inside me! Cum now!"
pushstring "Y-you have... served me well..."
pushstring "I get the whole \'pack mentality\' thing, but what\'s the plan back there?"
pushstring "HEY! You are lucky your friend is making me so wet, but don\'t get any funny ideas..."
pushstring "Hnnnnnnnnnnnggggg.... ah! Not so ... hhnggg... rough!"
pushstring "Ah! Hhh...HARDER! I can feel your fucking cocks rubbing each other inside me!"
pushstring "Grrrrr! Rougher! Don\'t pull out! I want to feel your thick cock explode and have cum flow from my ass like a good little bitch!"
pushstring "I prefer machines... but I guess a good \'ol bio-dick now and then keeps things fresh."
pushstring "Please release me... this isn\'t right!"
pushstring "I... serve the swarm... you can\'t break me!"
pushstring "Y-yes! Please! Fuck me harder! I want to serve!"
pushstring "Ah! Master! Please bless me with your seed!"
pushstring "D-did I serve you well?"
pushstring "Welcome to the clan."
pushstring "You can take my body, but I will never serve you!"
pushstring "S-stop! Y-you can\'t!"
pushstring "Ah.. ah... ah... p-please... faster!"
pushstring "Yes! Cum inside of me!"
pushstring "I will make your dreams become reality..."
pushstring "To be so humilated! Not even the benefit of a warm partner whose heat and life can radiate through my being!"
pushstring "As this cold member drives deeper inside of me, I wonder if it wishes to know what life truly is? How can a machine care?"
pushstring "I-I k-know y-you d-don\'t u-understand b-but t-this i-is a-actually q-quite n-nice.. i-is t-there a f-faster s-setting?"
pushstring "Fuck! Yes! To be consumed once more by primal urges! Oh, glorious machination! Oh, heavenly construct! Bring forth your flood!"
pushstring "I wonder how much Pecunia sells these for?"
pushstring "You call us garbage? Now you are CUM dumpster!"
pushstring "Wicked burn.  I like your style, Lucky."
pushstring "Oh! Mistress! Me no see you. Drones being bad, attacking Gorgers!"
pushstring "Yes I saw that... you were very good in dealing with them.  Your magic... I haven\'t seen it before."
pushstring "Secret Gorger voodoo! Very strong! Given from Mask Spirit!"
pushstring "I want you to join my personal guard. I could use someone like you."
pushstring "Oh... oh, of course! Me get ready right now!"
pushstring "A queen? What does that mean if you do not even have the power stand on your own? Your reality is a shadow of truth; an actor stumbling on the cosmic stage."
pushstring "Will you please shut the fuck up..."
pushstring "Simple whimperings from a simple mind. Perception is my domain and thus your reality is leased at my good grace... my home... I cast you out!"
pushstring "Your words are as empty as your illusions."
pushstring "Ah to be fallen once again. But is this battle a loss? For the greater cause, the destruction of a would be tyrant to enslave us all... is there truth in this sacrifice?"
pushstring "Mouth, pussy or ass?"
pushstring "Please say mouth, please say mouth, please say mouth!"
pushstring "You have me defeated, why further cast humiliation on one who only wanted to find truth in all this madness? Ever the conqueror, you would shame me."
pushstring "Rules are rules. I can\'t trust you if I don\'t turn you. I remember you liking anal. Take off your clothes and bend over."
pushstring "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH WHY DOES IT ALWAYS HAVE TO BE THE BUTT!"
pushstring "Shut it, Tiki. Dickmode. Now."
pushstring "Very well then, I shall once again bow my head to your cult of carnal desires. But I shall control my own pleasure in this endeavor..."
pushstring "Whatever floats your boat.  Reverse cowgirl it is."
pushstring "Okay, I wasn\'t expecting to fight you literally in OUTER SPACE."
pushstring "Is it not fitting that we fight on the cosmic stage? We were born in the last light of a collapsing star... do you not wish to die in the same beauty?"
pushstring "SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE! SPACE SPACE OOOOOOOOhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."
pushstring "W-wha.. how did... Very well, I will grant you this one ally, as truly someone should chronicle your defeat. She shall be the one to tell tale of this day!"
pushstring "Oh ho ho! Nice try! She slipped past your spell somehow, didn\'t she?"
pushstring "We were just in the tower with everyone then boooooooooooooooooom SPAAAAAAAAAAAAACE! So cooooooool!"
pushstring "Ahm. Would-be-Queen: how do you reign? Insisting your shadows have fled, do you believe your own lies? I wonder can you face your own truth?"
pushstring "The stars... they turn and turn with or without you behind them, gasping, desperately for air... bathe in their light, you ignorant child!"
pushstring "There is no denying your gravity... you pull in all life around you, changing, warping, not in control... see how easily you are displaced?"
pushstring "The universe expands and heaves like a dying beast, and you would sit at the epicenter with your scepter in hand? I would rather see the stars shatter and fall!"
pushstring "Foolish sibling, how many times must I tell you this is my reality you challenge? You think you can wound me?"
pushstring "God damnit, she just reversed all the damage I have done! I can\'t win like this!"
pushstring "I CAN HELP! I CAN HELP! When you are getting ready to knock her out, I will go disrupt her healing!"
pushstring "What would I do without you, Tiki?"
pushstring "AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW You neeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed me!"
pushstring "Don\'t get cocky, kid. I will empower you when I whittle her down again. Stay frosty."
pushstring "We don\'t have to do this the hard way, Vinara. You know you aren\'t going to win."
pushstring "Bish yu com inta mi hous an star talkn yer shet?"
pushstring "Whooooooooooooooooooo this place is STACKED! Let\'s get WASTED!!!!"
pushstring "I lik yer attetud lil bud!"
pushstring "Tiki, game face!"
pushstring "Sorry!"
pushstring "Nah, lil bish hassa pont - heer, DRINKS ON ME!"
pushstring "Beer befur liqor nevar ben siker!"
pushstring "Yu dun kno nothn abot ROMANCE! GOOTA WINE N DINE ME!"
pushstring "SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH EVERYUN JUS SHUTHEFUKUP!!! gottah wiked as headack..."
pushstring "Bish, yu cant hert me, gota speshul drenk jus fer this!"
pushstring "God damnit, Tiki!"
pushstring "Whaaaaaaaaaa! I didn\'t see my opening!"
pushstring "AHHHHHHHHHHHH HAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA"
pushstring "I think I am gonna be sick..."
pushstring "Yoo culd nevr hold yer liqer! HAHAHAHAAHAHAAAAAAAA"
pushstring "Closing time, Vinara."
pushstring "Hunggggg.... not so loud...."
pushstring "And like magic your drunken slurring is gone."
pushstring "Heyyyyyyy wait a minute!"
pushstring "Yeah, yeah whatever, \'ya bitch.  Just get it over with."
pushstring "Sure you don\'t want a drink first?"
pushstring "So wait... we OWN all this booze now, right?"
pushstring "Yeah, we can throw a party later. Right now, you have a job to do."
pushstring "Stay away from the expensive stuff you little twat!"
pushstring "You\'ll be lucky if I don\'t shove all these bottles up your ass."
pushstring "Time to pay up, Pecunia."
pushstring "Seriously, how fucking arrogant can you be. You were NEVER fit to rule."
pushstring "And you are? Make this easy on yourself. The game has changed, I am not powerless anymore."
pushstring "Yeah... I was really hoping you would at least have control over Somna before I had to play this card."
pushstring "Here we go. What\'s the master plan?"
pushstring "Heh. You really don\'t know anything. You don\'t even know what the game is."
pushstring "And you know everything, right?"
pushstring "I know why Dad rigged the first war in your favor. I know where he planned to exile you to. I know a lot of things."
pushstring "Rigged? What are you talking about?"
pushstring "Not important now. Do you really think it was coincidence that the island you landed on had the ONE creature in all the Nether that could restore some ability to you?"
pushstring "Tiki? What is she talking about?"
pushstring "I don\'t know!"
pushstring "It\'s true, she doesn\'t know what she is. I had to make her that way."
pushstring "Make her?"
pushstring "Mistress, I don\'t know wha-"
pushstring "Admin override code P L G 3 2 1 0 4."
pushstring "PERSONALITY_OVERRIDE_CONFIRMED//ADMIN_RECOGNIZED//INITIATING_POWER_DRAIN"
pushstring "Hurrrrrrrrrk.... what....! Tiki!"
pushstring "There is that arrogance. In 1000 years, you never bothered to convert her. It was just impossible to believe that anyone couldn\'t be in love with you."
pushstring "I can\'t....."
pushstring "No. You can\'t. \'Your\' power comes through her, and she belongs to me. So here is how this is going to work."
pushstring "We are going to go back, you are going to pretend I was converted. Don\'t worry, I will be oh-so-humble."
pushstring "You will turn Somna. You will turn Irania. You can even be Queen! I really don\'t care about titles, but I will own you."
pushstring "It is a good deal, Eva. You get all the fame and glory and love you want, and I will quietly rule from behind the curtain."
pushstring "How long have you been planning this for?"
pushstring "When I found out the truth about Dad. Your little friend was on a failsafe trigger. Soon as you turned me in the first war, she went on auto-pilot."
pushstring "So 1000 years of planning... man is it going to suck when I take you down."
pushstring "Hah! There is that fighting spirit we all love. You need some persuasion? Fine. Have your little struggle."
pushstring "Tiki... I know you are in there somewhere..."
pushstring "COMMAND_NOT_RECOGNIZED//P-CORE_LOCKED//CODE_2313145639"
pushstring "This should be fun."
pushstring "Tiki... I...."
pushstring "Superior planning and technology yields superior results."
pushstring "You think I didn\'t plan for this?"
pushstring "Damnit!"
pushstring "Shit, where the hell did she go?"
pushstring "She ran away..."
pushstring "She is around here somewhere - there is too much on the line now."
pushstring "When you are right, you are right!"
pushstring "Look out!"
pushstring "I thought giant death machines were out of fashion?"
pushstring "Everyone knows fashion is cyclical. Besides, sometimes the oldies are the goodies."
pushstring "You.... bitch...."
pushstring "Superior planning and technology yields superior results."
pushstring "Awwww... looks like I broke your toy."
pushstring "Don\'t fret about it, I have plenty in stock."
pushstring "So what now?"
pushstring "Now it\'s just you and me."
pushstring "And me!"
pushstring "And her."
pushstring "Play time is over, bitch, let\'s do this."
pushstring "You.... bitch...."
pushstring "Superior planning and technology yields superior results."
pushstring "The best laid plans of mice and stupid bitches...."
pushstring "Cute... but you should know me better by now, Eva..."
pushstring "*gulp*"
pushstring "Hrnnnng...."
pushstring "She took a pill or something! IS SHE DEAD?!?! DID SHE KILL HERSELF!?!"
pushstring "No, she\'s alive she is just unconscious..."
pushstring "Well we can\'t... I mean... you know..."
pushstring "Uck... my head..."
pushstring "Oh good."
pushstring "Eva... what are... this lab..."
pushstring "Memory loss? Sorry, Pecunia, I don\'t buy it."
pushstring "I..."
pushstring "This looks like an interesting machine. Time to strap in!"
pushstring "Tiki, looks like you can go in over here."
pushstring "YOU CAN\'T JUST PLUG ME INTO SOME MACHINE!!!!!!!"
pushstring "Watch me."
pushstring "Somna! There is nowhere left to run!"
pushstring "Yeah... you are right."
pushstring "Right! And... um... so you give up?"
pushstring "Sure."
pushstring "So... seriously? You just give up?"
pushstring "Sigh.... do you WANT me to fight you?"
pushstring "No, I mean, that\'s fine. I guess I was just expecting more."
pushstring "Whatever."
pushstring "Gotta say, this is a refreshing change of pace."
pushstring "Eva."
pushstring "What\'s up?"
pushstring "This is taking too long. You are soooo boring."
pushstring "How did I even lose?"
pushstring "I... have no idea."
pushstring "Man, why couldn\'t they all be like that!"
pushstring "So. Boring. Just do whatever already."
pushstring "Geez, don\'t sound so excited."
pushstring "HEY HEY HEY HEY HEY HEY HEY LISTEN!"
pushstring "What is it?"
pushstring "Can we just, you know? BE NORMAL!!!!"
pushstring "What does she mean?"
pushstring "NO BUTTS, NO MACHINES, NO WIERD CRAP!"
pushstring "Yeah, just do whatever so I can get back to work."
pushstring "You two are being real buzz kills right now."
pushstring "Sigh..."
pushstring "No... I can\'t fail now..."
pushstring "We\'ll never get inside!!!"
pushstring "No... I can\'t fail now..."
pushstring "We\'ll never get inside!!!"
pushstring "Out of options..."
pushstring "We have to do something! DO ANYTHING!"
pushstring "I apologize for my delay."
pushstring "Bridgette! You are alive!"
pushstring "All things serve the Divine, even Death."
pushstring "Well that is fucking disturbing as shit."
pushstring "I AM SOOO HAPPPYYYYYYYYY!!!!!"
pushstring "The way is clear. Shall we proceed into the castle?"
pushstring "I think we need to take a second for a breather."
pushstring "OHHHH IS THERE A SCAR?!?!?!?!"
pushstring "TIKI! That\'s rude.... although... maybe we should take a look."
pushstring "If that is what you wish."
pushstring "I missed you, my angel."
pushstring "I am going to bring you back, kid!"
pushstring "ERROR_DETECTED//P-CORE_OVERWRITE//??//ACTIVATING_PULSE//PLEASE_MOVE"
pushstring "Snap out of it, Tiki, I need you!"
pushstring "P-PROTOCOL_OVERRRRRRRRIDE//EN-5Mistress?//??"
pushstring "I know you are in there somewhere!"
pushstring "PERSONALITY_CORE_LOCKED//Mistress-I//CORE_SEALED"
pushstring "I don\'t care what she says you are!"
pushstring "P_CORE_BREACH//Iwontletyouhurther//??ERRORIN%-"
pushstring "Tiki. You are the only one who ever cared about me without being forced. I can\'t lose you."
pushstring "PCOR@##BR33CH??//Mistress!"
pushstring "Tiki! Are you okay?"
pushstring "I... I don\'t understand what\'s going on... did I?"
pushstring "Doesn\'t matter. Game face, kid!"
pushstring "Right! Let\'s do this!"
pushstring "Looks like your programming could use some work, Sis."
pushstring "Pfft. Let\'s see you build an insanely intricate magitech device that functions perfectly after 1000 years."
pushstring "What are we running short on troops or something?"
pushstring "No... we actualy have a fairly significant army. But they can\'t just all follow you around. These troops are the ones serving as your personal guard."
pushstring "I see.  And I suppose you have your own personal guard?"
pushstring "Yes. There are 36 squads under your command. This one is just under your direct command."
pushstring "I see... well anyone we turn along the way gets an auto-pass into my \'personal guard\'"
pushstring "As you wish. Although I wouldn\'t recommend too much bloat."
pushstring "I suppose you are right. I will send any excess troops to back to the islands to worship me."
pushstring "Tsk. Waste of resources."
pushstring "So what can I do from this command post?"
pushstring "Review your troops. Equip them as you see fit. Form your battle squadron. Full service stop."
pushstring "And if I just want to watch them bang each other?"
pushstring "Seriously? Whatever. Fine. Yes. IF you want to just sit around and watch your forces bang each other you can summon them to your chambers."
pushstring "Now we are talking."
pushstring "You know it is wierd. I spent 1,000 years trying to get off this island, but now it feels like home."
pushstring "I am so happy for you."
pushstring "Don\'t be bitter. It has really shaped up, and now with the portals active, it serves as a nice little temple to my greatness!"
pushstring "So this is where you are sending our \'excess\' forces. You SHOULD be sending them to the frontlines."
pushstring "Pish, posh. They serve us better here. The more that join the chant, the stronger I get - and the stronger our forces on the field linked to me get."
pushstring "I suppose you have a point."
pushstring "Like most things, it is about quality not quantity, Beez. Well. Not dicks. Dicks are straight up quantity."
pushstring "Does everything have to be about sex with you?"
pushstring "Yes?"
pushstring "Hmmm... Pecunia\'s old robot is still here? We should get the store operating again. Some heavy weaponry would do us good."
pushstring "Good call, sis!"
pushstring "Actually, now that I look around, there is some decent equipment around here. Old, but decent. I haven\'t seen a rune forge in ages."
pushstring "Yeah... all we would need is someone who knows how to operate it."
pushstring "Well you are shit out of luck. There isn\'t anyone left alive who... actually... I think Vanorel has a book on it."
pushstring "That doesn\'t help us that much, now does it?"
pushstring "No one knows how to work this damn thing. Hate to say it, but we need Vanorel."
pushstring "Well?"
pushstring "Hmmmm... I have worked with WORSE... but do not fear, my skill is great."
pushstring "So what does it do?"
pushstring "Oh it is FAR too complicated for you to understand, don\'t worry your pretty little self."
pushstring "Idiot. It pulls the energy from the runic material and compresses them into an enhanced form."
pushstring "How will I know what result to expect?"
pushstring "Well, the element will end up the same as one of the materials. Hard to say which. If you want something in particular, I would load up that type."
pushstring "And it will always be more powerful?"
pushstring "Again, depends on the material. You put weak and mid level runes in, you could get mid or high level. Just be smart about what you use."
pushstring "SIGH"
pushstring "Fuck off, Van. Do your job."
pushstring "This freaking thing. You know the stupid piece of crap never even had more than a moldy old set of leather and some crappy sword?"
pushstring "You are surprised a crappy product came from a crappy dealer?"
pushstring "Hey now, to be fair, I always intended to have him restock with better stuff. I guess I just never got around to programming it."
pushstring "Well the time for garbage is over. I need access to a real armory."
pushstring "Easy! I recalibrated his wormhole to one of my infantry supply warehouses. Go nuts."
pushstring "Good deal. Now we... hey. What is with this markup? You are charging me three times what its worth!"
pushstring "Whaaaaaaat? No I am not. The cost ends up a little higher because you have teleport fees, rust proofing, AppleCare, usage fees, monitoring fees, anti-junk fees..."
pushstring "I see. Luckily for me there is a neverending supply of souls to harvest, eh?"
pushstring "Heyyyyyyyy this place looks pretty nice.  When the hell was it built?"
pushstring "Eh, I think recently, actually. The troops demanded someplace to unwind away from the mainland."
pushstring "Well, if it is one place that will make you want to drink, it is this shitty rock."
pushstring "Hello, Miss, can I get you anything?"
pushstring "You look familiar..."
pushstring "Yes, Miss, you captured me when you initially took the Hive from my Lady Beezelba."
pushstring "Oh that\'s right! So now you run my bar? Well I suppose that is a promotion of sorts."
pushstring "I do love the work, Miss. Combat never sat well with me. This way I get to meet all sorts and hear the wildest stories!"
pushstring "Ever hear anything good?"
pushstring "Oh, all the time, Miss! Travelers come in with such stories and tales of great demon heroes."
pushstring "Like me?"
pushstring "Uh... not quite, Miss. Everyday heroes from the demon clans. Not quite royalty, but better than the lot of us!"
pushstring "Hmmm... unique heroes? Keep your ear to the ground, I want you to let me know if you get any leads on these \'heroes\'."
pushstring "Of course, Miss."
pushstring "Anything else going on?"
pushstring "Well... I also manage the requests made by your followers."
pushstring "What kind of requests?"
pushstring "Really could be anything, Miss. Whatever tickles their fancy - I just try to match the appropriate follower to the request."
pushstring "I will have to take a look; could be a good way to further earn their loyalty."
pushstring "Sounds wonderful, Miss! Please stop in anytime, and I will keep you up to date."
pushstring "So....."
pushstring "So what?"
pushstring "So what happened? A day ago you were all vengeance and \'death to Pecunia\', now you just forgive her? Just like that?"
pushstring "It is complicated. Short answer, this isn\'t the Pecunia who killed Bridgette, so why punish her for it."
pushstring "You just made me masturbate for 18 hours straight because I questioned your decision. She MURDERS your most powerful ally, and it\'s all cool now?"
pushstring "Does seem a wee bit fucked up there, sis."
pushstring "Different strokes for different folks... hahaahhaha... get it? Strokes?"
pushstring "BECAUSE YOU HAD TO JERK YOURSELF OFF!!!! HAHAHAHHAHA!!!!"
pushstring "Hilarious."
pushstring "I know jealously is LITERALLY your nature, especially of your twin, but you need to get over it. I have my reasons."
pushstring "Whatever. Fine. I am over it.  What now, Captain Douchenozzle?"
pushstring "Well we control the majority of the Nether now. Looks like Irania is turtling up in Demon\'s Claw. I say we go get Somna then end this war."
pushstring "Ya sure that\'s a good idea? If we leave her to her duty, I dun\' think she\'ll bother us assaultin\' Irania."
pushstring "Maybe... but I will probably need her power. Yeah, why risk it? Besides, it is on the way, so the conflict is inevitable."
pushstring "I\'ll give the order to cross the Blightwall."
pushstring "No news lately, Miss."
pushstring "There is quite a stir at the Hive, Miss. It appears the Gorgers have overstayed their welcome."
pushstring "Rumor has it a group of Drones has been targetting groups of Gorgers, and High Mystic Lucky has had enough."
pushstring "The Drones won\'t stop talking about this \'Master Ioshia\', Miss."
pushstring "Supposedly she is some super assassin. Rumor is she is training new students on the Blind Gate, but only if they come \'free of impure armaments\'"
pushstring "Oh, Miss! Sorry, I didn\'t hear you... I was at the most fantastic concert last night."
pushstring "The great Illosian singer, Photovol, has been performing at Shadefall. Although between shows, she won\'t see anyone who can\'t help her regenerate."
pushstring "Miss, I don\'t mean to disparage your Grace\'s sisters, but ... it\'s just I think we have been scammed."
pushstring "Lady Pecunia gave us an upgraded mechiza unit to help around the bar, but this \'VLAD//ROM\' just went on a rampage and fled."
pushstring "Then she said it was OUR fault for having more than 3 customers! I mean, really, Miss!"
pushstring "Everyone won\'t stop talking about Chef Jurassa. I guess she was left behind when we retook the Royal Gate?"
pushstring "She is the Netherealm\'s most famous Esurian Cutlarist! Her meals are... are divine! But she despises magic and will only seat a party of 8 unique diners."
pushstring "Bobakseuz...Bobakseuz...Boba-"
pushstring "EEP! I didn\'t see you there! The Phasmos have a legend that if you say Bobakseuz three times in a mirror, the dread stalker will appear!"
pushstring "It is silly, I know... just stories from our scouts along the Slumber Path..."
pushstring "Oh my gosh! Have you heard the news?!?!"
pushstring "Vintabas has issued a challenge to all the demon clans you control... she says our heros are weak like our Mistress!"
pushstring "Her words! Not mine! Nooooot mine! She is at the public forum saying they are too afraid to show up and fight her!"
pushstring "Me sorry... it not go well..."
pushstring "Me sorry... it not go well..."
pushstring "Me sorry... it not go well..."
pushstring "Me sorry... it not go well..."
pushstring "Me sorry... it not go well..."
pushstring "Me sorry... it not go well..."
pushstring "ERROR//REPORT//MISSION_FAILURE"
pushstring "ERROR//REPORT//MISSION_FAILURE"
pushstring "ERROR//REPORT//MISSION_FAILURE"
pushstring "ERROR//REPORT//MISSION_FAILURE"
pushstring "ERROR//REPORT//MISSION_FAILURE"
pushstring "ERROR//REPORT//MISSION_FAILURE"
pushstring "Grrrrrrrr.....no luck."
pushstring "Grrrrrrrr.....no luck."
pushstring "Grrrrrrrr.....no luck."
pushstring "Grrrrrrrr.....no luck."
pushstring "Grrrrrrrr.....no luck."
pushstring "Grrrrrrrr.....no luck."
pushstring "Tsk... I could have done better..."
pushstring "Tsk... I could have done better..."
pushstring "Tsk... I could have done better..."
pushstring "Tsk... I could have done better..."
pushstring "Tsk... I could have done better..."
pushstring "Tsk... I could have done better..."
pushstring "My performance... was not good..."
pushstring "My performance... was not good..."
pushstring "My performance... was not good..."
pushstring "My performance... was not good..."
pushstring "My performance... was not good..."
pushstring "My performance... was not good..."
pushstring "SShhhhhaaaaaaa... we.... failed...."
pushstring "SShhhhhaaaaaaa... we.... failed...."
pushstring "SShhhhhaaaaaaa... we.... failed...."
pushstring "SShhhhhaaaaaaa... we.... failed...."
pushstring "SShhhhhaaaaaaa... we.... failed...."
pushstring "SShhhhhaaaaaaa... we.... failed...."
pushstring "*snort* I don\'t want to talk about it."
pushstring "*snort* I don\'t want to talk about it."
pushstring "*snort* I don\'t want to talk about it."
pushstring "*snort* I don\'t want to talk about it."
pushstring "*snort* I don\'t want to talk about it."
pushstring "*snort* I don\'t want to talk about it."
pushstring "It go okay... make you look good!"
pushstring "It go okay... make you look good!"
pushstring "It go okay... make you look good!"
pushstring "It go okay... make you look good!"
pushstring "It go okay... make you look good!"
pushstring "It go okay... make you look good!"
pushstring "MISSION_COMPLETE//MOST_PARAMETERS_MET//>>"
pushstring "MISSION_COMPLETE//MOST_PARAMETERS_MET//>>"
pushstring "MISSION_COMPLETE//MOST_PARAMETERS_MET//>>"
pushstring "MISSION_COMPLETE//MOST_PARAMETERS_MET//>>"
pushstring "MISSION_COMPLETE//MOST_PARAMETERS_MET//>>"
pushstring "MISSION_COMPLETE//MOST_PARAMETERS_MET//>>"
pushstring "Mission complete. Can I go now?"
pushstring "Mission complete. Can I go now?"
pushstring "Mission complete. Can I go now?"
pushstring "Mission complete. Can I go now?"
pushstring "Mission complete. Can I go now?"
pushstring "Mission complete. Can I go now?"
pushstring "The job got done. What\'s next on the list?"
pushstring "The job got done. What\'s next on the list?"
pushstring "The job got done. What\'s next on the list?"
pushstring "The job got done. What\'s next on the list?"
pushstring "The job got done. What\'s next on the list?"
pushstring "The job got done. What\'s next on the list?"
pushstring "A successful performance! No encore, though..."
pushstring "A successful performance! No encore, though..."
pushstring "A successful performance! No encore, though..."
pushstring "A successful performance! No encore, though..."
pushstring "A successful performance! No encore, though..."
pushstring "A successful performance! No encore, though..."
pushstring "Ffffffffhaaaaaa...mission...complete..."
pushstring "Ffffffffhaaaaaa...mission...complete..."
pushstring "Ffffffffhaaaaaa...mission...complete..."
pushstring "Ffffffffhaaaaaa...mission...complete..."
pushstring "Ffffffffhaaaaaa...mission...complete..."
pushstring "Ffffffffhaaaaaa...mission...complete..."
pushstring "Done. I suppose it wasn\'t a complete waste of time."
pushstring "Done. I suppose it wasn\'t a complete waste of time."
pushstring "Done. I suppose it wasn\'t a complete waste of time."
pushstring "Done. I suppose it wasn\'t a complete waste of time."
pushstring "Done. I suppose it wasn\'t a complete waste of time."
pushstring "Done. I suppose it wasn\'t a complete waste of time."
pushstring "NO ONE get past me! Tunnels sealed now. We win big!"
pushstring "They said bad things?!? Gorger weak?!?! I BEAT THEM ALL GOOD!!! No say nothing now."
pushstring "Me finished first place! I think? Kept running after finish..."
pushstring "Spirits calmed down. I tell them \'Yo, Spirits, Chill out!\' they say \'WE WANT TACOS!\' I get them tacos."
pushstring "KERPOW! BOOM! Fun mission... blow up stuff good!"
pushstring "So... tired... mean sister so rough... ride so hard... but she happy... need to rest now..."
pushstring "RADIOACTIVITY_MITIGATED//SOAK_MACHINES_ONLINE//MISSION_SUCCESS>>"
pushstring "REPAIRS_COMPLETE//RESETTING_TORQUE_MECHANICS//SPINUP??FALSE>>"
pushstring "ORGANIC_MATERIAL//REDUCED//ALL_EDIBLE_MEAT_CONVERTED//>>"
pushstring "NANO_INJECTIONS//SUCCESSFUL??TRUE//PATIENT_DIAGNOSTICS_POSITIVE>>"
pushstring "ENERGY_DISRUPTIONS_MITIGATED//NEED_POWER_RESUPPLY//FUN??TRUE>>"
pushstring "VANITY_SATISFIED//MULTIPLE_INTERFACES//NEED_RECHARGE//INQUIRED_PURCHASE>>"
pushstring "Borders are secure. We do not fail. Returning to the dream."
pushstring "More Shavees... nothing I couldn\'t handle. We do not fail. Returning to the dream."
pushstring "Targets eliminated. We do not fail. Returning to the dream."
pushstring "The rift was sealed. But not before something broke through. You need to send reinforcements immediately!"
pushstring "Lady Tiki was an excellent pupil, I can see why she is so popular. She will be very strong some day."
pushstring "I fucked your sister. It was okay. She kept saying she was going to synthesis my cock, whatever that means."
pushstring "This is the way! Merchants secured; escort complete. One of the other escorts pledged themselves to your cause."
pushstring "The lessons went very well.  She handles a blade naturally and with excellent style. She offered a servant as thanks."
pushstring "Targets dispatched. I killed a few patrols on the eastern roads. One got away, but I caught up and corrupted \'em for you."
pushstring "Production is back in line. I made the organization more efficient - one of the workers can even be moved to the army."
pushstring "The interrogations went well. The prisoner was resistant, but I broke \'em body and soul. They will serve you well."
pushstring "That was an... interesting experience. I have never met someone so excited by honey. She sent a vassel as thanks."
pushstring "I have served you beautifully! The barriers are secure and sound... truly works of art!"
pushstring "Hehehe... traps complete... I wish I could see the suckers\' faces when they fall into the spikes! Plop! Splat!"
pushstring "Do I have to come back already? I was enjoying the solitude so much... it was so... serene."
pushstring "A little listening goes a long way. Even demons will really open up to you when they know you care."
pushstring "MAGGOTS! MAGGOTS EVERYWHERE! MAGGOTS IN THEIR BRAINS!!!! I killed them all! Blew them all up! POP! POP! POP!"
pushstring "I gave a wonderful performance! My throat was sore from singing, but he had plenty of cream to soothe it with afterwards..."
pushstring "Hhhaaaaaaaaa... that.... hurt... no more... Pecunia... please..."
pushstring "Rrrraaaaaaaa... demoliths... destroyed...."
pushstring "Ssssssssss... feels.... good... to cook... Barkeep... wanted to... thank... you... herself..."
pushstring "Fffffffaaaaaa... restock... complete... tired from... cloning... must rest... must feed..."
pushstring "Hnnnnaaaa... tasty... trash... devoured all... absorbed all..."
pushstring "Mmmmmaaaaaa.... large... cock... so... large... almost... split... kept it... all... in..."
pushstring "Aye. I\'ll keep your tavern safe. There isn\'t anyone here I can\'t take. Barkeep wanted to thank you herself."
pushstring "Bashed those worms good. Heh. Right in their stupid faces. \'Hello, I\'m a giant parasite!\' SMASH! BACK TO THE VOID!"
pushstring "All targets eliminated. Your other scouts couldn\'t handle that? Weaklings."
pushstring "What kind of mission was that? Every time I went to heal someone they tried to stab me! You have idiots for followers."
pushstring "That was too easy. Our skirmishers have been wiping the floor with the enemy. Thanks to me, of course."
pushstring "She was satisfied.  I\'ll admit, it feels good to have your tits sucked out every now and then. She has a nice bed too."
pushstring "Mission Rating: Failure"
pushstring "\n"
pushstring "Unit Corruption: +1"
pushstring "\n"
pushstring "Bonus: None"
pushstring "Mission Rating: Adequate"
pushstring "\n"
pushstring "Unit Corruption: +2"
pushstring "\n"
pushstring "Bonus: 1,000 Souls"
pushstring "Mission Rating: Excellent"
pushstring "\n"
pushstring "Unit Corruption: +4"
pushstring "\n"
pushstring "Bonus: "
pushstring ""
pushstring "Test 1"
pushstring "Test Next"
pushstring "Test 2"
pushstring "Test Next"
pushstring "Test Next"
pushstring "Test End"
pushstring ""